Add descriptions for requisition detail view columns (#41)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/distribution/requisitions.md

| **Code**      | Code of the item                                                                                                                                                       |
| **Name**      | Name of the item                                                                                                                                                       |
| **Unit**      | The unit of measure for the item                                                                                                                                       |
| **Our SOH**   | How much stock is available in this store                                                                                                                              |
| **Their SOH** | How much stock is available in the customer's store                                                                                                                    |
| **Requested** | The quantity requested by customer                                                                                                                                     |

> | **Supply**    | The quantity that will be supplied by this store                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: I feel like this is the piece that could be clearer... `The quantity planned to be supplied by this store`? `The quantity your store has committed to supply`?

Or even just adding `(could different from the quantity requested by the customer)` ?

| **Issued**    | The quantity that has already been issued in `Outbound Shipments`                                                                                                      |

> | **Remaining** | The quantity remaining to be supplied to the customer which will be re-calculated after an `Outbound Shipment` has been created. The calculation is 'Supply - Issued'. |

Reviewer: Or maybe it's here? 
```suggestion
| **Remaining** | The quantity remaining to be supplied to the customer, from what your store has intended to supply. The calculation is 'Supply - Issued'. It will be re-calculated after an `Outbound Shipment` has been created.  |
```

Author: Feels like Supply - Issued already says `from what your store planned to supply` 🤔
